# Arpeggio

[Arpeggio](/arpeggio)

# 2024-11-19

## Is there anybody out there?

Yesterday, I wrote my first post and shared it on Instagram and in a family group chat. Less than 24 hours later, I have no idea how many people read it nor who they are. Only 25% of my followers have supposedly seen my Instagram post, and it's very likely that is just a technicality of the fact that they scrolled past it on their feed.

## The Challenge of Social Media

This is one of the challenges of social media that I have been becoming more familar with for kaizen.place. When releasing new music, an artist will usually make at least a single post to let followers know they have released new music. After the first 24 hours of posting something, it becomes increasingly unlikely that followers will even see the post. The small percentage of people that might be interested have the annoying hurdle of it not being possible to simply click a link within a posts caption.

## DM Automations

A growing trend is to use tools to allow Instagram viewers to DM you a certain keyword to get access to a certain piece of content. For example, if you DM "tails" to my IG account, I'll send a link to my latest post. The first time you do, it will ask you for your e-mail address. Instead of a random data point in my website analytics (currently 108 requests from Russia in the last 24 hours), you become a real human.

## Email Will Always Be Around

If history has taught us anything, it's that Instagram won't last forever. Even now, not everybody is on Instagram. Less than 50% of people in the US have an Instagram account, and even fewer are actually daily users. By gathering emails, I have a timeless way of connecting with people interested in following along (~92% of adults actively use email for communication).

## Building Personal Connections Through Instagram DMs

What I'd like to achieve is knowing who actually enjoys following along and making sure they get notified of new posts in a way that is convenient to them. I don't have a precise solution to this yet. But for now, the DM automation at least begins the process. I'm considering removing the link from my bio entirely so the only convenient way to get access is by DM'ing me.

## Txt to Image

This will be my first post where I take the text from the blog post and convert it to a carousel of text images for Instagram. I'm not really sure how I'll feel about it, but it does make it significantly easier for someone to casually read when scroll on Instagram. In the future, I may only do this for specific quotes or sections, but today I want to see what it looks like to toss the entire thing in.
