# 2024-11-18

## Hello, world!

I've lost count of the number of times I have written my "first post" on a new website. Here we are one more time, trying to believe that I will be able to maintain some kind of consistency.

This time it feels different...or maybe I need it to be different. My number one hurdle to writing consistently has been having my hands full trying to get [kaizen.place](https://kaizen.place) to where it needs to be. I'm happy to report that I think we're nearly there.

This journey began as quest to help artists overcome the perfectionism that holds them back by allowing for iterative releases. I still hold this very near to my heart in terms of it's importance, but the reality was it was going to be hard to build a business on just that alone. We've continued to research, build, and experiment to find a clearer path to what is needed.

As I write this, I'm already experiencing pangs of anxiety about it not being structured well enough or not making any sense. My mind flickers through several conversations at a time. This has been my number one barrier to sharing. Today, I'm going to do my best to let go of all of these thoughts that stop me from posting.

While we will continue to keep our focus on music creators so we can best serve them specifically, I would like to be exploring how kaizen.place can work for any kind of creator. As hopefully obvious by the URL of this website "tails.music", I very well intend music to be part of my creativity. But I've found myself sometimes locked in a box thinking anything I do under this name needs to be related to music. I have thoughts on mental health, tech, and other random things that I worry don't belong here.

I started my [music.tails](https://instagram.com/music.tails) Instagram account January of 2023 as part of an initiative to get myself playing music more consistently. Reflecting back on the year and a half after that, I'm amazed at how successful I was at bringing music back into my life.

This year has been a challenge for me. I moved, no longer have the piano that I was using, and have become increasingly stressed with work/business. It feels selfish to even write this right now when I know how many things need to be worked on for our platform. Yet, I can't help thinking that taking the time to be a creator myself will be the most effective way to push the product to where it needs to go.

In October, the new top level domain ".music" became available. I knew right away that I wanted tails.music. It took about a month for the initial logistics of the thing to clear up. At first it was forced to be used with [hub.music](https://hub.music/), but I eventually found my way to get control of the DNS so I can put whatever I want on the domain. The fact that the domain became properly available today feels like a sign for me that this is the time to do it.

There's so much more to tell...but I know if I don't stop somewhere I'll never get around to actually sharing this post. So I'm calling this the first post and slapping it on the home page. This post is about setting the intention for myself to consistently make progress on this, rather than letting it become yet another project that trails off into oblivion. I accept that that may still happen, but will do my best to get to where I want to be.
